Why are you afraid?
Miss Gu, do you want to put on a down payment again?
Do I still use it?
The story of Yuncheng has always depended on reproduction
He'll be here soon.
In a while he came
Do you see if he will let me move the equity?
Don't know
About a minute
I will make up Brother Xu Zhi now
Let me show you how you died
I promise.
Assistant Xu actually agreed
He's betting on equity in the story.
Isn't he a liar?
What is the background of this woman?
Xu Zhi
Are you having an affair with that trash?
You two
What's the shady relationship?
Let you protect him like this
Miss Sisi
I advise you to try
Manager Xu agreed
I have my bet
Are you ready to start?
Ok I want both
See how you are then
Kneeling on the ground crying
Please let you be a living being
You really don't know how to live or die
Gu Zixin, how dare you hit me?
big brother
Please take care of yourself. What are you?
How dare you hit me
The thing about you impersonating three times
Hit your target
Since you said these are all me
Then you have evidence
What do I think?
You must have united there. Okay, that's right.
Miss Gu, you said he has no evidence to prove himself
Then you have direct evidence that you are
Is there really no coffin in the morning?
Mr. Li should recognize this necklace, right?
What good is a broken diamond necklace?
What I throw at random is better than
Dawn can compare to this
You are the real dawn
Why let you open it with just a necklace?
This is the World Orchestra.
To change the organization
I made a necklace specially for Chenxi
You are a liar
Didn't you say you are the dawn?
You can help me get to the location where the Shen family lives
Miss Song is very busy.
The forefoot is particularly close to Vice President Shen
The back foot helped Xiao Shen to persuade him
It's all me
It's all in my heart
I declare
The partner of Qishu Media is Miss Gu Jinxi
And Mr. Shen Yanzhen
everyone
willing to admit defeat